Colin's points and interim edits, fix #395 (#399)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-arch.md

### Candidate Gathering {#gathering}

* Candidate Path Selection: Candidate Path Selection represents the act of choosing one or more paths that are available to use based on the Selection Properties and any available Local and Remote Endpoints provided by the application, as well as the policies and heuristics of a Transport Services system.

* Candidate Protocol Selection: Candidate Protocol Selection represents the act of choosing one or more sets of protocol stacks that are available to use based on the Transport Properties provided by the application, and the heuristics or policies within the Transport Services system.

### Candidate Racing {#racing}

> Candidates for a given connection may be checked simultaneously, synchronously, serially, or some combination of all of these. We refer to this process as racing, borrowing terminology from Happy Eyeballs {{?RFC8305}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection establishment attempts for a candidates may be performed simultaneously, synchronously, serially, or some combination of all of these. We refer to this process as racing, borrowing terminology from Happy Eyeballs {{?RFC8305}}.
```

Author: ...for a set of candidates?

Reviewer: Updated!
